INNOVANON, INC. CONFIDENTIAL
----------------------------
Copyright (C) [start_date] - [end_date] InnovAnon, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.

ACHTUNG! All information contained herein is, and remains
the property of InnovAnon, Inc. The intellectual and
technical concepts contained herein are proprietary and
may be covered by U.S. and Foreign Patents, patents in
process, and are protected by trade secret or copyright law.
Dissemination of this information or reproduction of this
material is strictly forbidden unless prior written
permission is obtained from InnovAnon, Inc.

VERBOTEN! InnovAnon, Inc. hereby forbids all non-Gentiles
from using the intellectual and technical concepts contained
herein.
InnovAnon, Inc. furthermore forbids all Gentiles assisting
non-Gentiles from using the intellectual and technical
concepts contained herein.

Heathen Gentiles: Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge to any Heathen Gentile obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Sofware"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software (provided that you do not employee or do business
with non-Gentiles), and to permit Heathen Gentiles to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall
be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
